Node Frameworks

 Express -
	Express is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework that provides a robust set of features to develop web and mobile applications. 
It facilitates the rapid development of Node based Web applications. Following are some of the core features of Express framework -
Allows to set up middlewares to respond to HTTP Requests.

Defines a routing table which is used to perform different actions based on HTTP Method and URL.

Allows to dynamically render HTML Pages based on passing arguments to templates.  

 HAPI:
	Hapi.js is an open source framework built on top of Node.js that creates web applications and services. Hapi is configuration-centric
	It has authentication and authorization built into the framework
	It was released in a battle tested atmosphere and has really proven its worth
	All the modules have 100% test coverage
	It registers the highest level of abstraction away from core http
	Easily compassable via plugin architecture
       
 Flatiron:
	Flatiron is yet another Node.js MVC web application framework. What sets Flatiron apart from other frameworks is its package-based approach. 
Since it gives the power and freedom to decide how much or how little the framework should include, developers can pick and choose the packages they want to
work with and include with their project. It handles a lot of the basic data management responsibilities and CRUD for you by supplying a powerful ODM that takes
 care of a lot of the heavy lifting.
   
 locomotive:   
	Locomotive is a web framework for Node.js. Locomotive supports MVC patterns, RESTful routes, and convention over configuration, 
while integrating seamlessly with any database and template engine. Locomotive builds on Express, preserving the power and simplicity you've come to expect 
from Node.
 Features:
	MVC architecture
	Convention over configuration
	Expressive routing
	Routing helpers
	Connects to any database
	Renders with any template engine
	Adheres to REST principles
	Built on Express

total.js   :
	Total.js Framework is a full-featured Node.js framework that effectively improves the most important aspects of your project during its lifetime.
 Super fast development, extremely low maintenance costs, rock solid stability, incredible performance and easy scaling. It's our core for all projects.

 koa.js   :
	Koa is a new web framework designed by the team behind Express, which aims to be a smaller, more expressive, and more robust foundation for web
 applications and APIs. By leveraging async functions, Koa allows you to ditch callbacks and greatly increase error-handling. Koa does not bundle any middleware
 within its core, and it provides an elegant suite of methods that make writing servers fast and enjoyable.

 Sails.js :
	Sails.js is another MVC microframework that’s great for data-heavy enterprise-grade apps, and it’s built off of Express.js. It’s used for HTTP requests, with some
 Ruby on Rails-inspired magic. Its MVC pattern is based on Express and Socket.IO and is ideal for writing data-oriented applications and real-time features like 
a chat application. It’s also compatible with a ton of front-end frameworks, like AngularJS. Where it differs (and shines) is its API structure, automatically
 generating RESTful JSON models with support for websockets and HTTP. :
